so we're just going to shut up paddle
boating and this is my breakfast part 1
and acai smoothie my breath but it
tastes good I know no it's like Shh it
tastes bad you told me to get him the No
dsi and I got us both the healthy ones
and it's not too impressed I'm knows it
tastes too healthy you know what I'm
Tate is too healthy doesn't taste me
that's a lie it tastes so good and it
tastes sweet tasty speaking creamy don't
like it its addictiveness it's the same
as the other ones I didn't get the pure
one that once blended with like cane
sugar and go quran aku sayang i don't
know what the you're complaining
about cuz i'm drinking it yeah say you
by k this might admit it no bitch
what about you still filming me with
Nathan gonna be like work I'll go no I
go you're gonna be like I'm gonna work
in 35 minutes who are using this to you
wanna be late you're gonna long gonna be
late yeah yeah I really thank you
you still feeling leave this earth
waiting for you to do something
understanding
you made me like four marks I didn't
miss you that'll be nice hey guys I'm
tired you're not American go again yeah
take 600 hey Paul oh it's got a DJ all
right let's do it look it takes me
haircut hey how you doing on sports hey
oh so that's South African this is Steve
cooks brother how you doing Steve cook
come just come out of the bar boo you
know it's got the quick snip stunned of
sense that oh zip lines that's cool i've
got die seriously what are we doing
eating we're going out to dinner oh the
lot is green okay where are we going
well I think we're gonna go try mandala
and see if we get a table
last minute decision you know anything
besides the stakes are really gonna
organize that it is Valentine's no it's
a two-way street deal it's a one-way
street actually so we got a table at
mandela's am I just waiting on our food
I got the Sun rocket pizza so I'm pretty
excited it sounds pretty young I go
veggie burger and I just met these two
cute little kids we went how to look at
the chickens and this girl started
crying little girl she was about how
Jack a chance great very cool she
sounded like tearing up because her dad
started eating meat again and said her
brother and a dad's really sick now and
she's like you know why sick and I was
like why and she's like because he aided
chicken and you're not supposed to eat
chickens I was like yes that is right
I'm just going to say teared up we
wouldn't had a look at the chickens and
she's like how can people eat this is so
cute she doesn't understand that was
really cool and I really wanna and she
wanted a hug yeah
we're at the pocket valley and we go to
Mexico laughing Peter pumpkin
she's gonna finish out now it was really
on me I ends up having to put it because
im a fatty
I was a um name
I